Well, good evening, family. Thank you
for joining us again tonight. We
are
going to pray over some
things. I am going to pray over the
Iran situation
and
some of the things the Lord showed us
in our last video.
People wanted to know what
I was seeing. Some of it I do not want to
make public, but
I stand by
everything I believe the Lord shows
me. I stand by that when I tell
you I saw Jesus standing here when
he visited me and told me that we
needed to pray for President Trump's
life, that his life was in danger, and
that if anything was to happen to
President Trump, he was holding the
church accountable by our prayer of
intercession concerning his life.
I believe wholeheartedly the
church
has power and authority.
As we rise up as believing
believers, not doubters, and
stand as watchmen, as the Lord reveals
the things the
enemy has planned,
just like he did the first time,
I saw
precisely where the bullet would go.
It was to the tee. I saw the blood
flowing and I thought it busted his
eardrum.
Everyone
wants
you to go over the visions, and I
am
trying
to describe what the Lord is showing
me.
We will continue to pray for President
Trump and his safety concerning
finishing his term. Now, I know
there have been people
who
believe that I missed it,
and that is fine. You know what,
folks? If Brandon Biggs misses it, I
will
be the first one to come out and tell
you. I do not hide from them like some
people who try to pull their videos down and
hide them because they do not want to be
embarrassed. I am
human; I miss it.
Is Brandon Biggs a
prophet? I am a watchman. I come on here
and I pray with you all. The Lord said, I
have
called you to go on YouTube and
pray. That is what we come here to
do. I am not here to be a showboat.
I
deflect always to him. He does not use
me,
he uses me. If there
is
something I have missed and I
tell you that Jesus has appeared to me
and told me to pray for
President Trump and that there was an
attempt, I can tell you exactly what the
man looks like. I have already told
the people in
authority
about all of it and they said it was
accurate. Regardless if people say it
is
false, I have people high
in the government who said it was
accurate because of the things they
have
had tips on. I cannot go into
the depth about it because that would be
foolish.
To
people who say it is false, you
are
ignorant; you have no idea what you
talking about. I realize that
some people just want clicks for views
because their view count
is
down, so they throw
things out there to get higher
view counts. They play around with
stuff and that is okay,
but I have to rise above
it.
I know beyond a shadow
of a doubt God has called us for such a
time as this to pray for the
nations.
If we do not, I believe the enemy will
come in and wreak havoc. As long
as we have a backbone like a crowbar and
we stand on the Word, we
are
the
salt and the light and we can change things
through prayer.
If we bow down to
the demonic, they will run
right over us as we see in New York.
They got what they voted for. I
have
seen
great fires; I have seen
buildings on the 41st floor. We have seen
a lot with what the Lord showed us
this last video. He told
us about praying for
these gas
plants and
the
seven employees with the white helmets
praying over these people.
There were layers to this explosion.
When I was looking into that
vision, I thought it was a massive
nuclear device going off in the
middle of the field. The Lord said,
Brandon, do not always assume that
is
nuclear.
It looked like it, but it was
a major explosion. That
is
why we are praying over
Louisiana,
praying
over these gas plants,
praying over Tuttle, Oklahoma,
and
these major events that
I believe could be false flag
or
black swan events.
We will
continue to pray over that. The other
thing the Lord showed us
was
Macron.
I saw him devising a plan again
to
silence
an individual. I saw a cliff
and
I saw that woman's face.
I try not to talk about people
because I do not want
the
drama.
I saw another
alternative media television face and I
will say his name. I believe Alex Jones
has a major call on his life. I believe it
is
very prophetic for the end
times, calling out the deep state
and
this dark agenda.
I believe his life is something we should pray
for. I saw a crossbow
and
an arrow. The Lord
said, remember when I prayed over
this before,
he
would be like a new John the Baptist in
these end times, his voice would get
louder, and he would start to
proclaim Christianity and salvation in
Jesus'return.
I saw a black-tipped arrow
that looked like razor blades coming out
of a crossbow.
I do not know where this was, but I saw
it coming out of the side
of a van as
it was
driving away.
It was silent.
If anybody is familiar
with hunting with a crossbow,
it makes
a noise, but it is nothing compared to a
firearm. That is why the Lord said
you need to pray for him.
There will be an attempt and I will
spare his life and he will become more
radical for me in the days ahead. I
believe with all my
heart that Alex Jones will become one of
the greatest mouthpieces for Jesus in
the days ahead. The same with the
Kardashians and Justin
Bieber. Justin Bieber looks like he is going
through a
lot,
but
I believe God has a major
call on him and he will be used
even greater.
Mel Gibson, we
have
to pray for him regarding the
Passion of Christ 2 movie.
Braden put out the video today,
the short about this
nasty ringworm thing that is happening all over
with
30 cases. Is this
what the Lord showed us? I want to play
that. Do you have that son where you can
play just that clip without
having the short, or do you have that
where you could replay that of what the
Lord specifically said? Did you upload
that?
Well, if you don't, that's
fine. But I brought it out. I
didn't realize when I gave the word I
was a lot skinnier there. But as
of
April 30th, 2025, the Lord spoke
to us, and it was when Carney was getting
elected.
I told you I saw Justin Trudeau coming
out. People would say in that
prophetic word the Lord gave us,
when I was looking over the
land,
that it was rigged again and that
people stole the election. He
said the majority would vote that way,
and the balance of it would be
weighed this way. Because of the
balance of where people were voting,
they were
voting for corruption. There is a gnat
flying around here, sorry, I get
distracted. But
because they would
vote that way,
they were voting
for immoral things,
homosexuality, etc.
Because of this, it would open up
doors
and this plague would come out of it.
It
would
evolve
like how you get
certain drugs when you have a
virus or something;
your body becomes immune to
certain things because of
the medicine that they are giving, and it
becomes resistant in the strain.
I saw that this thing would come up
because of the kids being trafficked.
The Lord was ticked off and said, "They
have
messed with the kids."You
will
hear it here if Braden
can get it up. It was about the
children. I saw it spreading all
throughout Asia, and this virus
would become so much infection in the
groin area that they could not take care
of it and they had to amputate,
like
gangrene.
Whenever gangrene sets in through
blood sugar problems, this is
what I saw happening in a man's
genitalia.
It was so much infection that they
had to amputate that out of there.
There was no way of fixing it,
and
it made them so sick it
eventually took their life.
Now, are we at that level? No. Am
I
seeing the beginning stages of
something? I truly believe we are seeing
something on April 30th. Is it
something new? Now, do you have it, son?
Yeah.
You can play it now. I want
to go over these words. This is
almost a year ago.
I saw a new type of STD,
a new venereal disease
that had never been seen before, coming
through certain practices that are
ungodly. And because of these ungodly
acts,
because of the reprobate mind of wanting
to go this way, the scales in the spirit
realm were weighed and they were found
lacking. And this goes for America also.
It infiltrated into New York, Boston,
these major cities. A new
venereal
disease that has never been known
before. I saw judgment
begin even in Japan
concerning the
trafficking coming up from Mexico. I
saw that because of touching the children,
this venereal disease will make them
eunuchs
because of the infection. I saw so
much infection
that they had to do something because there
is
no cure for it. The anger of
the Lord was so strong; I thought I was
going to vibrate out of my car as he
spoke. The anger was like the
thunder above my heavens
right now. It was that loud as I hear
the rain and the hail. It was very
strong,
the rebuke and the warning coming from
the Father.
He told me because of these things
that you are seeing,
decisions have been made and you will
see a judgment.
As we see the beginning
stages of this
new virus,
and it is nasty, is it going
to morph? Is it going to get more and
more? I believe it will. How long does
it take? I don't know. I never
know when I am praying in the spirit and
the Lord shows me things and
dates.
I
talked to one
elder who said if you want prophetic
ministry, because we see in part and we
hear in part, never give dates that
often unless you really feel instructed
by the Holy Spirit
because there is depth
perception to it. I
am
learning.
Depth
perception is huge. It looks like a lot
of times it is right in front of my face,
like it is going to happen tomorrow.
Sometimes I tell
Braden and Diana after the
broadcast is over, I will be
looking for this tomorrow in the news. That
is
how imminent it felt. There
are
some things you see
a year before this even starts to
happen in a little bit on the news,
like
nasty sores on people's faces.
At that time, it looked
like it was right there, like it is going
to happen right then. We are going to
look at it, we are going to turn on the
news tomorrow, and it does not happen
that way because I realized there is
a difference
in the spirit
realm when you are praying over things. God
is
not in a hurry.
I just stay
to my little thing
here. I don't go to the conferences. I
am
so
thankful for all of you that have invited
me.
I just got an invite to come
to South Korea and preach a conference,
and
that
is
real tempting. I told Braden,
"Man, Dad, that would be kind of cool to go
preach
in South
Korea."That
is
the only one I can tell you that I
have
been really leaning towards.
The South Korean people
pull at my heart. You talk about genuine
loving people, you talk about praying
people. South Korea, those people pray
and they are sincere.
When you talk to those
Asian brothers and sisters over there,
they love the Lord. Not saying that we
don't, but I am telling you there
is
a compassion and a
passion that I have. Maybe it is because I
am
called to
pray for the Asian brothers
and sisters, especially North Korea,
for the persecution that they receive
from Kim. I truly believe with all
my heart that God is going to remove
that tyrant in the days ahead and
that the people of North Korea will
be liberated and have a window for a
revival like we wouldn't
believe. I still go back to
the scripture that the Lord gave us:
James 5:7.
"Be patient, therefore, brethren, until
the coming of the Lord. Behold, the
husbandman
waiteth for the precious fruit of the
earth, and hath long patience for it,
until he receives the early and the
latter
rain."The
early and the latter rain.
I just lay hold to that scripture.
People ask, "Bren, where is it at in the
Bible about an end-time harvest? You keep
talking about an end-time
outpouring."James
5:7
is
enough right there to
believe that we are going to see a lot of
souls saved. Well, what about the great
falling away? I am not trying
to say there won't be because the Bible
says there will be, but I know this: that
God doesn't want any man
to
perish, but all to come to repentance.
So I am just going to stand on James 5:7.
"Be patient, therefore, brethren, until
the coming of the Lord. Behold, the
husbandman waiteth for the precious
fruit of the earth,
and hath long patience for it until he
receives the early and the latter
rain."I
just believe that God doesn't want any
of us to perish. Just like 2
Peter 3:9,
he doesn't want that any of us should
perish, but all come to repentance. For
God so loved the world. And I know that
there's a lot of us that want to get out
of here.
But I really believe that God is coming
after the one with the grannies and
the grandpas and the grandmas and all
the ones that are believing God for
their unsaved loved ones to come into
the saving knowledge of the Lord
Jesus Christ. I truly believe that God
is
doing one last call and we're about to
see the greatest harvest of souls this
world has ever seen.
You say, Well, Brandon, when is it?
I believe it's when we get busy doing
it. We had 51 people just during the
live stream last time give their heart
to Jesus Christ and people emailing
after said, Brandon,
how many? Braden in the comments and
everything you tell me there's so
many people that are rededicating their
life to Jesus. I bet, no exaggeration,
we had well over 70
give their heart to Jesus Christ for the
first time, some of them, and
rededications
on a little YouTube channel like this.
People just clicking in and giving their
heart to Jesus Christ. The harvest is
plentiful and the laborers are few.
I don't try to have petty differences
with people. I truly don't. I stick
to myself
because I know how many people
are dying and going to hell on a
day-to-day basis and there are so many of
them right now that don't know Jesus.
When I saw the statistics that Braden had
on there, as Diana brought it out of her
old paper she had, she went
to church growth. She had a class that
she took there that was about church
growth, how to plant and have church
growth, how to make your church grow,
how to basically evangelize better
and things like that. And there was a
statistic of how many people were
leaving the body of Christ on a
year-to-year basis. And
the numbers were staggering.
And that's why I'm trying to tell y'all
what we got to come together.
We got to come together and we have got
to bring in this harvest with whatever
we have. It's all hands on deck. You
say, Well, I'm just a granny. I'm just
a grandma. I'm over here. No, you're
the prayer that's praying this thing
back. Backing me in prayer,
backing
these people in prayer so that we can
have some covering to get
the job done.
You wouldn't believe the spiritual
bombardment we receive on a day-to-day
basis
that Diana and I and the children, we're
so thankful for you grandmas and
you people out there saying,
Braden,
I'm praying for you. I feel your
prayers and I just want to say thank you
for
the persecution for the word's
sake. I'm so thankful for all you that
say, Hey, Braden, I'm praying for you.
I'm praying for your wife. I'm praying
for your marriage. I'm praying for you,
Braden.
I'm telling you,
I'm a very uplifted person. I
like to have fun.
And if I come across sometimes to you
all as a
worrywart
or sad or whatever, I am not. I
like to enjoy life. I like to go and get
ice cream with my kids and go sit
down at the park and feed the ducks.
I love to do things and do
things with my special needs daughter.
I like to see her smile
whenever she's having a hard day. I like
to, when she's crying or fussing and
she's having a hard time, I love to see
her. I can turn around by praying in the
spirit and ask the Father, how do I make
Megan's day better today?
How do I bring a smile to that
little girl's face?
And sometimes it's just by a hug.
Sometimes it's driving around in the car
and you go get a tea with her,
you know. I
don't know. It just always seems like
it's always been something
that has been like a... because she doesn't,
she's nonverbal, you know, and so you
never know what she really
wants. You have to guess whether it
comes to food. I pray, what does Megan
want to eat today?
What would she like to have to eat?
Because you know you have an opinion
about what you eat and maybe you don't
want to eat chili that day
and so just because you know you feed it
to her and she don't want to eat it,
that's why I always try to, what
would Megan want today? So I
know the Holy Spirit knows,
so I always ask him,
can you tell me what Megan would want to
eat today? She can't tell me.
She, what would she like to drink
today?
She would she like a Coke?
I don't know. I just think those are
the times whenever you see those smiles
because
you heard it.
You heard it
when she smiles and she grins from ear
to ear because she knew the Holy Spirit
told me.
I don't know. Those are just precious
moments to me.
It's the same thing
when you just surprise your wife with a
gift on Valentine's Day.
She wasn't asking for nothing.
You're just loving on somebody,
just showing the love of God to people.
And I really believe that's
where we should be in these last days.
Not everybody is going to be helped. And
some plant, some water,
and some bring forth the increase.
Not everybody is going to bring in the
increase.
Some plant, some water, and some bring
forth the increase. That's what the
Bible says. And who knows what you're
called to do that day? You could be just
to water the seed
through love. Love takes no account of a
suffered wrong. Love never fails.
Love always,
what is it? 1 Corinthians 13
bears up underneath anything and
everything that comes.
So whenever you're loving somebody and
you're showing them
love even when, and some
people like I said, I get it. You have
some people that are just hard. Those
are the ones you just water.
God bless you. God bless you
to the one that's cranky.
And then there's sometimes you bring
forth the increase.
I just want to be that vessel that if
even if I'm watering that God says,
Braden,
can I use you today?
The harvest is plentiful and the
laborers
are few. Ladies and gentlemen,
will you help the Lord bring in the
harvest? It doesn't mean to always beat
people in the head with the Bible and
tell them they're going to hell.
I would say more often than not, you do
not do that
unless you're instructed to by the Lord.
I'm very bold
about what I believe, obviously, as you
can tell.
But I believe with all my heart some
people are not going to have ears to
hear that. And so you give them
what they can chew on. You want
to give it where they can at least chew
on it.
Not always they're going to spit it
right back at you.
But always it's like the people at the
store I go to and I got this new
shirt. I was so excited about it. I got this
purple shirt for the spring and the lady
there is,
I don't know, I don't want to say because
maybe she's watching but you always,
well you know, and I try to
witness to her and I know she has
a companion
and I always show them the love of
God.
Showing the love of God.
But I have such a burden, you want to
say a burden to pray for the lost
tonight.
There's so many even around
that that are in the neighborhoods. You
walk by, they walk by and they're so
lost
and you're looking at them and you're
just going,
Do people see Jesus in you?
Are you salty?
Have you lost your saltiness
that whenever you go into a store or
whenever you go into a place, have you
let the cares of the world choke out all
the life out of you?
Are people able to see Jesus in you?
Because the only Jesus people may see is
the Jesus in you and the Jesus in me.
I got that from a preacher
and I believe with all my heart.
You have to know that the only Jesus
some people will see is whenever you
come into the store and Jesus is shining
through your face.
I believe if God tells you to buy the
lady's
groceries, that ain't the devil
telling you to do it. I don't know if
that's just flesh or if that's the devil
telling me to do that. The devil is not
going to tell you to do that. Are
you sure that's the Holy Ghost? Well,
I'm going to tell you it sure is not the
devil.
Should you buy their groceries? What
would it hurt if you had a little extra?
It was not about being like these stupid
shorts that you are showing the guy on
the side of the road and you are trying
to say, hey, let me pray for you,
brother, and give you something so you
can film it and get a viral video.
You know, you are embarrassing him and you
are
showing
how long have you been homeless?
Are you kidding me? To try to get a
viral video. Well, let me give you
some McDonald's, brother.
It
is
all about you. It is not about
Jesus.
Don't film it.
Do it unto the Lord.
Don't do it for a viral video. That
is
what I am trying to say. These people are
a joke. You go, come on, man.
I just want to show
myself ministering to them. Want to help
you out, give you $100 today, putting
yourself on there so everybody in the
comment section says how great you are.
People are pathetic. And so I just go,
well, you know,
I think it, like I said, it may just be
picking up your kid from school, the
parking lot person there. Hey,
just want to let you know you are doing a
great job. We could not do this. It would
not
run effectively without you.
God bless you, sister, for doing that,
stop sign.
I try to always love on people when they
are
serving and helping out.
They make minimum wage maybe. I
don't know.
But I always want to show the love of
God to the sister holding the
stop sign or going across there. She
is
just doing her job. Well, she is moving
sure slow today.
Get across there quicker, but hun.
You see them as they are honking their
horns. You know, people have an attitude
about nothing. They are in a hurry to go
nowhere. Like Kathryn Kuhlman always
says, they are in a hurry to go nowhere.
And so, these are the things that are on
my heart today
as we see the harvest is
plentiful and laborers are few and I see
the statistics of how many people we
are
losing to hell. And I thought, how do we
become more effective? And I thought,
the only way we do it is the anointing
and by the love of God. They will
know us by our love. How we love our
fellow brother. How we treat people. How
we love people. How we don't talk trash
about them. We just love on them.
They didn't say we know us by how much
we judge them.
Being sister clipboard always calling
people out.
Well, you know, I believe this or
believe that. Keep your opinion to
yourself.
Golly, that neck gets on my nerves.
Thing is always blowing right in front
of my face. But
just showing the love of God to people.
What I was thinking about
that scripture. I just love that. And
then I have been meditating on Psalms
126:1
and 2.
When the Lord brought back the captivity
who returned to Zion, we were like those
who dream. It seems so unreal.
Then were our mouths filled
with laughter and our tongues with
singing.
Then they said among the nations, the
Lord has done great things for them.
The Lord has done great things for us.
We are glad. That
is
where we are at right now. He
going to do great things for you
today. He is going to do great things for
me today. I believe with all my heart. It
is
time for us to have that
intimacy that
our mouths are filled with laughter
and our hearts with singing. We
are
singing.
The Lord has done great things for us.
Is it working?
And then they are going to say the
Lord has done great things for them.
What makes us stand out in these last
days?
What makes us have our saltiness?
I truly believe people say, Brandon, do
you really believe in the wealth
transfer? I believe if you can handle
it,
I believe if the money
is not going to ruin you and it is not
going to cause you to get a divorce
because you have got an extra couple
hundred thousand in the bank, I believe
God will give the anointing to
prosper on anybody who is able to handle
it. But if you are stupid with your
money and you do not handle what you
have, he is not going to give you more.
If you are faithful of little,
he will make you ruler over much.
And I was, he said, I want you to
teach my people tonight,
Deuteronomy 28, and teach them how to
pray over their finances. And this is
just how I do it,
okay? Because I always say, if ye abide,
the word says, if ye abide in me and my
words remain in you, you shall ask what
you will and it shall be done. So, I
take Deuteronomy 28, which is the
beginning of it, and I have
mine all highlighted here.
I like mine because mine looks pretty on
my phone because I color it all in.
But I find the scriptures that pertain
to what I am believing for. And the Lord
said, we are in a place right now. We
are
believing God. Remember I told you I
saw the Trump's wealth, Eric and Don Jr.
specifically
multiply times three. In the days ahead,
their wealth and the family wealth would
multiply times three. It would double
and then it would triple
and say I am going to increase. And so
when I hear him talking, I watch how it
happens because it ain't just going to
happen. What are they doing to get it?
So I start turning my eyes over there.
What? Well, that is what the Lord
is
telling me. Well, and either going to
increase them. There are a president's
kids. I am not saying nobody is insider
trading folks, but they know what
is
coming.
Nancy Pelosi sure did.
Blessed. So, I started quoting
over me. He said, Brandon, you have to
remember what he said to us. You
have
to contend for the blessing. You
to contend for it. You have to sow when I
tell you to sow and you will reap if you
faint not. You have to speak to it. You
have
to water your seed with your words
out of life and death
is in the power of your tongue.
What are you saying over your finances?
What are you believing today for God
to bring to you? Well, I am believing for
this Holy Ghost crypto transfer and
all this stuff. Folks, the wealth of the
sinner is laid up for the just. I
believe with all my heart, but it is not
going to be on everybody. When does he
tell you when to hold them and when to
fold them, when to walk away and know
when to run? There are some of you that
are just listening to prophet so and so
and not having a word from the
Lord for yourself. And if you
are
listening to prophet so and so, they
human. They can miss it. You
have
to learn that those
that are led by the spirit of God are
the sons of God. And if you
are
the daughters of God, you have to be led
by the spirit of God in every area of
your life. And that is that still small
voice on the inside of you.
Follow it. Follow that peace that passes
all understanding.
If you do not have peace, do not do it.
What he tells sister so and so and what
he tells you could be two totally
different things. God has a million and
one ways to get you a million dollars if
you need it.
But it is not going to be for everybody.
So everybody has this lottery ticket
mentality. It is not going to be that way
unless you are a giver and you are
a sower.
He said that he will bless whatever
you put your hands to according to
Deuteronomy 28. I do not believe in
spiritual lottery.
The Bible says if you are faithful with
little, he will make you ruler over much.
What part of that is for
everybody? That is only for the ones that
have been faithful with the little. And
he said he will make you ruler over much.
The ones that are faithful with a
little. But if you are not faithful with
little, he is not going to do the second
part.
And most people go, well, I qualify.
What? How? Why do you say that? Did he
tell you that? Well, I heard that
preacher say it and I got excited.
The Bible says to be a steward over what He
has
given you, a good steward.
This is how I pray.
I
am
going to pray over
it just how I do in the car with
Diana
and the children. I say, Lord,
I thank you right now in the name of
Jesus.
Satan, let go of my finances.
I take authority over my finances right
now.
I say, go ministering spirits and
cause it to come forth
in the name of Jesus from the north,
south, east, and west. I call
financial blessing to us.
I thank you Lord according to
Deuteronomy
28:4.
Blessed shall be the fruit of
thy body, the fruit of thy ground,
the fruit of thy cattle, the increase
of thy kind, and the flocks of thy sheep.
I don't have sheep. I used to say this because
we raised
dogs. I say the
flocks of my dogs.
Blessed are my dogs. I am not going to
have any stillborn puppies. They are not
going to die.
We have special needs dogs. We are not
going to have any dogs that are
bad. They are all going to be smart dogs.
You may raise cattle
or
goats, I don't know whatever
you raise, or you may just be on eBay or
Poshmark like us. Blessed are my
eBay auctions.
Blessed shalt be the basket in thy
store, and blessed shalt thou be when
thou comest in, and blessed shalt thou
be when thou goest out. The Lord shall
cause thy enemies that rise up against
thee to be smitten before thy face. They
shall come out against thee one way and
flee before thee seven ways. The Lord
shall command the blessing upon thee,
thy storehouse, and in all that thou
settest
thy hand unto, and He shall bless
thee in the land which the Lord thy
God gives thee.
I believe that one. I love that one.
Deuteronomy 28:8. The Lord shall command
the blessing
upon thee in thy storehouse. Do you have
a storehouse?
Get yourself a storehouse. He
will
bless you in the storehouse and
in
all that thou settest thy hand
unto.
You may be the best ditch digger in all
of the state of Oklahoma, or the coach that coaches football. You could
be the
winningest coach in
all of football. That is why Pastor Chip
said, I am
anointed in a way that the world is not
familiar with, all to the glory of God.
He said, insert what you are good
at. I am anointed at being at eBay or
Poshmark in a way that the world is not
familiar with, all to the glory of God. I
am
anointed to teach children's
preschool. I am anointed to be a
cop. I am anointed to be the best
detective. I am anointed to be the best
doctor. All to the glory of God.
Do
all to the glory of God. Everything you
do, give all to the glory of God. I
am
anointed to do YouTube. I say it all the
time. I am anointed to do YouTube in a
way that the world is not familiar with,
all to the glory of God. I have
the largest following all over YouTube.
All to the glory of God. It is not about
me. It is all about Jesus.
Everything you say in word and in
deed, do all to the glory of God. I
am
anointed to do YouTube, I am anointed to
do X, I am anointed to do
TikTok.
Why? All to the glory of God. I will
have the largest prophetic channel,
prayer intercessory channel in all of
YouTube, all to the glory of God.
Say it out of your mouth.
Believe it.
Why? The Lord shall command the blessing
upon thee and thy storehouse and in all
that thou settest thy hand unto. That
is
what He said. Deuteronomy 28:8.
Do you believe it or
not?
Either you believe it or you do
not.
The Lord
shall command the blessing
on making pies,
on mowing grass,
on thee in thy storehouse, and in all
that thou settest thy hand unto, and
He
shall bless thee in the land
which the Lord thy God gives thee.
Then in Deuteronomy 28:9, the Lord shall
establish thee. He is going to establish
you
a holy people unto Himself, as He has
sworn
unto thee, if thou shalt keep the
commandments of the Lord thy God and
walk in His ways.
All the people of the earth shall
see that thou art called by the name of the
Lord, and they shall be afraid of you.
All the critics
are
going to see there
is
glory on you, the glory of the Lord
on you. Arise and shine, for the
light has come, and the glory of the
Lord is risen on you.
The Lord shall make thee plenteous
in goods,
in
the fruit of thy body, in the
fruit of thy cattle, in the fruit of
thy ground, and in the land which the Lord
swore to your fathers to give you.
So there it is. If you
believe for a child, people say, Well,
Brandon, how dare you want to
believe God? We occupy until He comes
to have beautiful children. We raise
them up. We have to take dominion over
this earth. We are not running from the
devil. He is running from us. If you
are
running from the devil, you are not doing
it right.
Why are you running
from the devil? The Bible says
that if we submit ourselves therefore unto
God, we resist the devil and he will
flee from you.
It did not mean you flee from him.
If you are running from the devil, you
are
not doing it right.
We submit ourselves unto God. We keep
vertical.
My eyes
are towards you. My heart is towards
you. Seek me and know me. For the eyes
of the Lord are running to and fro
throughout the whole earth, looking for
a heart who is perfect toward Him.
Lord, create in me a clean heart. Create
in me a clean heart so that your eyes do
not
have to go about looking anymore.
May
your eyes rest on me today.
For the eyes of the Lord are running to
and fro throughout the whole earth,
looking for a heart who is perfect toward
Him. Create in me a clean heart, just
like David said. Create in me a clean
heart, Lord.
Father, may your eyes not have to
look anymore all around me, Father,
because your eyes are resting on
Brandon. Your eyes are resting on Diana.
This house is a house because as for me
and my house, we will serve the Lord in
these last days. People will see it
on us because we haven't lost our
saltiness. We did not get weary in
well-doing.
We
are
not running from the devil. The devil
is
running from us.
I feel the anointing all over that.
Receive it. You have been running. That
is
like Brother Hagin said. Say, Well,
bless
darling heart. The devil
has
been after me.
He
has
been running me. I do not remember.
Bless my heart. That is what he said.
Bless his heart and his stupid heads.
I love that. I wish he was still
here. I love Brother Hagin.
There are
a lot of you that do not
know who Kenneth Hagin is. Find his old
teachings
on YouTube and listen. They will
change your life.
I listened to Brother Hagin when I was
14, 15, 16 years old. That
is
what I listened to. I bought a tape
series every two weeks when I got paid
at the ministry and I would buy them and
listen to them. Faith comes by
hearing and hearing by the
word of God. It changes
you
from the inside out. You have to have
this word down inside of your heart,
ladies and gentlemen, or you are in
trouble.
This is how you pray. I do not know how
everybody else teaches you to pray, but I
am
telling you
this is what works.
Find scripture concerning your
money and the Lord said, Tell my people
today how to grab a hold of it. We
are
going to finish. The Lord
shall make thee plenteous in goods,
in
the fruit of thy body, in the fruit
of thy cattle, in the fruit of thy
ground, and in the land which the Lord
swore to your fathers to give you. The
Lord shall open unto you his good
treasures,
the heavens, to give the rain into your
land in the season and to bless all the
work of thy hands. And thou shalt lend
unto many nations, and thou shalt not
borrow.
The Lord shall open to thee his good
treasures,
the
heavens to give the rain unto your land
in
the season and to bless all the work
of thy hands. And thou shalt lend unto
many nations, and thou shalt not borrow.
Your crops are so full in your fields
for when drought comes that you are able
to help out your brother with extra.
So my bank
account is so full that you can help
other people out with it. You will be able
to lend unto many and you won't have to
borrow because
I have a surplus. Do you have a surplus
for this wealth transfer everybody
is
talking about? I believe it.
Deuteronomy is one of my
favorites, though. I am telling you, I
quote that, I read over that and I
just sit there and I bask in it. Oh,
Father, I believe the Lord. The Lord
shall open to thee his good
treasures. What
is
his good treasure? His
rain.
The former and the latter rain. The
glory of the Lord. I believe the glory
of the Lord is rising on me. I believe
the glory of the Lord is inside of me. I
am wall-to-wall
Holy Ghost. He
dwells on the inside of me. I can do all
things through Christ who strengthens
me. Greater is he that is in me than he
that is in the world. A thousand shall
fall at my side and 10,000 at my right
hand, but nothing shall come near me or my
wife or my children or even my dogs.
I believe it. I am a
believing believer that believes it. I
am
not moved by what I see. I am not
moved by what I feel. I am moved by what
the word of God says.
You either believe it or you don't.
And the Lord shall make thee the head
and not the tail, and thou shalt be
above only, and thou shalt not be
beneath, if
thou hearken unto the commandments of
the Lord thy God, which I am commanding
thee this day, and observe
to do them. So I am just falling in
love. What
is the
first commandment?
To love the Lord thy God with all thy
heart, with all thy mind,
with all thy soul, with all thy
strength, and to love thy neighbor as
thyself. Because if you love and you do
all that, you will go by all the
others.
Love never fails.
Faith works by love.
Why is my
faith not working, Brandon?
Check your love walk.
Love never fails. Check your love walk.
Faith works by love.
You say, well,
check how you are talking to your wife.
Check how you are talking to your kids. I
have to check myself all the time. Oh,
God forgive me. I
am
pretty brassy in some of the
things I think and do.
People get all upset
and
flip out.
Learn to bridle yourself with love. And that
is
what I have to try. I practice,
and it isn't always easy for me. Trust
me, I have to go and say, Oh, God, help
me. I have a flesh fit. My mom
always has a flesh
fit.
You have a bad attitude. You
do something stupid. I did it at
the coffee shop two days ago.
I flipped out, yelling mad and looking at
the guy, and he was ready to fight me. I
did not
know why. Demonic, straight out
of hell. And you
look at people and go, where is this
coming from? The Lord said, stop it,
drive away, this guy is trying to
pick a fight with you. I say, okay,
try to keep my wife and my kids safe.
People know who you are when you are on
the internet and they do not like what
you say and they are looking to
start struggling with you. And I realize
that Diana said, do you realize
people do not like you, Brandon, because
of the things you stand for and say on
the internet? And they know who you
are. And I go, oh yeah. I forget. I
truly do. There are millions of people
that watch us and I forget that there
are
people that hate me. And I just
go, what is wrong with that guy? And D
goes, obviously he knows you.
And I go, oh yeah.
I was like, what? Why does that man
want to pick a fight with me?
Brandon
was like, his eyes are like this
big. I kid you not. He
was acting crazy, cussing me. And I
thought, what in the world is going on
with this man? I am a lot bigger than
him,
you know. And the old me would get out
of the car, and I said, Lord, drive away
now. Go.
Don't forget who you
are. Don't let the devil knock
you off of your seat. Walk in love.
That
is
really hard for my flesh because the
old me wants to pounce him and make his
face look like concrete. That is just
me.
But I said, walk in love, Brandon. It
is
okay. It
just flesh. I am just
being real with you. This happened two
days ago.
Walk in love, Brandon. It
is
not always easy,
but faith works by love,
you know, especially when people
are
cussing you and you do not even know
them. They do not—you do not like it when
they talk bad about you and your wife
and the kids. You go, what? What
is
going on with this guy? This happened
twice in one day.
Two people. And I did not realize, like I
said, when you are making a dent and
the devil gets really ticked off when you
are
praying with all these people on
there and you are praying over people's
lives and people are getting saved, you
have
to really make sure you
are
guarded up and taking
your authority every day.
You cannot afford not to.
I always tell my babe, Dina,
grab a book, let us pray. Let
us
pray today. Let us connect. Let
pray as a husband and wife. Let us do
this. You may say, well, I do not have a
husband, I do not have a wife. I will be
your two. I will agree with you. I
will
pray with you. We are so excited you
are
here. There are 5,500 of you right
now. We
are
so thankful for every single one
of you.
Lord said, do not take a
census. I try not to pay attention to
it, but I am so thankful for every single
one of you that are here right now.
So, did that bless you? Did I help you
at all concerning your finances? That
is
how we do it.
Even through hard times, through good
times, the Lord said be conscious
about,
it
is not always through prayer;
breakthrough is through worship and
praise like Paul and Silas. That
is
why whenever I did the last time
I was with you all, he said, go through
every single thing in your heart and
give me praise for it.
Thank me.
Thank me right now. And then he said,
I want you to teach my people. Teach
them, Brandon. Teach them. Be thankful
with every little thing.
No matter if you feel like I got
overflow in my bank account, oh God, that
is
what we are going to do again
tonight before we start praying. He
said, that is worship.
Being thankful,
not grumbling and complaining.
Well, I do not have that much. Oh, but
God, you gave me whatever you give me.
And so I want you tonight, when we
take communion here, we are going to
pray. Be thankful for what you do have.
You say, well, I am quadriplegic
and I cannot move my legs,
Brandon. I watch you and I am stiff
as a board here and I cannot do
anything, but I can move my eye.
I can move my
eyelashes.
Give him praise for what you can have. I
am
not saying it is always easy, but you
have
to tell yourself, Oh, Father, I
thank you for what I do have. There
are
days that I said, you know, there
would
be things hurting in my body. I
am
getting older. I am not that old. But you
go, hey, there are things that used
to not hurt. They hurt more when you
get out of bed, the older you get. And
you go, what is going on? No, my youth
is renewed like the eagles, and you fill
my mouth with good things and I believe
with long life you will satisfy
me.
I believe Father that I am going to live
a long life,
that I am healthy, whole, and well. Now
certain people believe for 120 years.
Well, that's on them. I want to live
until I'm satisfied.
When the Lord says, "Brandon, you've done
a good job."Folks, I've seen the other
side.
I've seen the other side many times. And there
is
nothing here that compares
to what's over there.
To be absent from the body is to be
present with the Lord. And the moment
you take your last breath, you're
standing in the presence of Almighty
God.
The moment you take your last breath on
this earth.
That's why I just want to get the job
done.
We occupy until he
comes, but if we could just get the job
done and bring in his harvest. He told
me, "Brandon,
you're not waiting on me. I'm waiting on
you."James
5:7.
"Bring in my harvest, Brandon, and I'll
come and get
you."I
said, "Lord, ain't nobody hardly
talking about it very
much."Be
a
trendsetter.
Tell them I'm coming.
Give an altar call. I'm one of the only ones
that gives
an altar call on my
YouTube channel,
a prayer channel. I try
all the time to give you an opportunity
to accept
Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal
savior.
You're running out of time, but we must
be trendsetters.
Tell people to give altar calls. He
said, "Brandon,
give them a chance to accept
me."I
don't think there's anything else
that matters.
Nothing else matters. Either you know
him and he knows you or you're in
trouble.
You're in trouble. I've gone way too
long tonight already.
But I know that there are many of you
here that if you were to die tonight,
where would you spend eternity?
If you were to die right now,
the very shoes you put on today to go to
work, the very shoes you put on today to
go wherever the undertaker might be
taking them off that night. No one is
promised tomorrow.
If you're here tonight and you're
watching me right now and you're saying,
"Brandon, that all sounds good and
great. I don't even know anything about
Jesus. I just clicked on
your broadcast or whatever this thing is
and
I wanted to hear what was
coming in the future."I don't control
that. He does.
We'll pray and he might show us
something in a little bit, but we're not
guaranteed it. It's only what he wills.
He's the potter. We're the clay. I have
a treasure in earthen vessels that the
excellency of the power is known of him
and not of me.
He controls it.
But I want you to know my friend,
he's a friend that sticks
closer than a
brother. He'll never leave you and he'll
never forsake you. Lo, unto the end of
the earth, he'll be with you always.
But if you're here tonight and you've
never asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord
and personal Savior, tonight's your
night.
It's appointed unto man once to die.
Once. There's no reincarnation.
There's the Asian channel always asking
me, "Brandon, do you not believe in
reincarnation?"No.
That is false.
It's a false doctrine. That's a lie.
You don't come back as a butterfly. You
don't come back as a dog. No,
there's appointed unto man once to
die and after that the judgment.
You will stand before the Lord and give
an account of every idle word, everything
that you've spoken, every
thought.
I'm telling you
I want to be on the side of grace
and mercy because I've confessed Jesus
Christ as my Lord and my personal
savior and I say, "Jesus, forgive me.
Jesus, forgive me. I need you. I can't do
this life without you. I need you to be
the captain of my ship. I need you to be
the one that is
leading me and guiding me and helping me
in all my decisions. I can't do this
without you."There
are
many of you that have gone your
whole life thinking that there's no God,
that you just
go into nothingness.
But you're wrong.
You're gambling with eternity
by an assumption.
Look all around you at the stars that
have been thrown into space.
Look at the sand. Look at the water
that comes in. Look at
the trees. Look at the birds. Look at
everything around you and say there's no
God.
How foolish.
We are fearfully and wonderfully made
and we're made in his image.
If you look at our blood veins,
our highway of
blood veins that go through us that keep
us alive, our heart, how we're
created in our mother's womb, we're
born into this earth out of
a microscopic seed of a sperm that
hits an egg,
and look at the beauty of life how
it all happens
and we say there's no God.
I want to introduce you to my friend.
There is a God.
And he'll become so real to you the
moment you invite him into your heart.
The moment you confess your sins, he is
faithful and just to forgive you of
your sins and cleanse you of all
unrighteousness.
There's a heaven to gain and a hell to
shun. I've heard it so many times, but
this is really true.
I want to ask you, do you know my
friend? Or maybe you've known him. Maybe
you had a relationship with Jesus at one
point in time and you've fallen back and
you've
backslidden.
You're not totally cold. You're just
lukewarm.
And the Bible says he'd rather you be hot
or cold. If you're lukewarm, he'll spew
you out of his mouth.
But I want you to make the decision
tonight to be all-in for Jesus. To sell
out, to say, "Jesus, I'm not going to
do this life without you. I don't want
to. I want you to be the Lord
of my
life."Stop
hanging around the people
that keep pulling you down.
Make a choice tonight to
maybe separate yourself from folks
and say, "Listen,
I choose to follow Jesus today
and I'm not going back to the sin I
used to walk in."The
prodigal
son was in the pig pen and he
thought, "Man, if I can just go back and
be a servant in my father's house,
maybe I could just do that."And so
because he had spent all his
inheritance, he had big wild parties. He
was
having a good old time. But then
he had spent everything. He was in a
pig pen. But what was amazing was his
father had a robe and he was ready to
kill the fatted calf when he saw him
coming. And that's what the Lord's doing
for you right now. He's ready to kill
the fatted calf. He says, "My son, my
daughter's home
tonight."God
didn't turn his back on you, you
turned your back on him, but tonight's
your night to turn back and say, "I want
to make everything right in my
life."So,
I want you to be bold
about your decision before we move on.
And I want you to say, "Brandon, I want
to be saved,"or, "I'm coming home
tonight."And
if that's you, and this is speaking
and you feel that tugging on your heart,
you feel that knocking on your heart
right now, that's the Holy Spirit. The
Bible says that no man comes to the
father unless he's called by him. He's
drawing on you and right now he's
pulling on you and he's saying, "Will
you come
home?"So,
I'm going to say a simple little
prayer that a 5-year-old could say and
believe. It doesn't have to be all
religious. I hate religion,
but I love relationship.
And I love my friend Jesus.
What a friend we have in Jesus. And
that's true to me.
Say, "Jesus,
I believe you're the son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose
again on the third day. Jesus, I ask you
to forgive me of my sins.
Wash me with your precious blood
today. Today, Lord,
I turn my back on the world. I turn my
back on the devil. I turn my back on my
sin.
And from this day forward, Lord, I'll
serve you. I ask you to write my name in
the Lamb's book of life.
Thank you, Lord, that you forgive me of
my sins. Thank you, Lord, that my name
is written in that Lamb's book of life.
Thank you, Lord. From this day forward,
I'll serve you with all I have. I'm all
in.
If I die today, Lord,
I'll be with you in paradise
forevermore.
Thank you, Lord, that I'm no longer a
sinner, but I am a sinner that's saved
by grace.
I'm no longer a sinner. I might sin, but
I'm not going to live in sin."There
is a
difference. You can mess up, but I
am
not doing it
willfully. I am not choosing to. People
mess up like I did a couple of days ago.
People mess up, but when you do, you run
to God when you sin. You do not run away
from him. And the moment you confess it
is not when the Lord found out about it; it
is
when you got rid of it.
If you fall down and scrape your knee,
you stand up and say, "Jesus, I thank
you that I
am free."So,
if you just said that prayer, I
believe you just got born again. Welcome
to the family.
Now, what do you do? Go to a
non-denominational church. There are good ones, like the Church of His Presence, John Kilpatrick. I would
go
down to that one if I
was in that area. Or our
church, Collinsville
Glorious Church. There
are
good churches around. You just
have
to find them. Non-denominational
churches. Go to those churches. Tell
them, "I want to be water baptized. I got
born again listening to a guy on
YouTube and I want to
be water baptized."Get water baptized.
Come over here and pray with us. Go to
their Wednesday night service, Sunday
night service, prayer group, whatever you
have
to do to get plugged in so
that you do not go back to the trash you
used to be a part of. So
get plugged in, get excited about
your new life in Christ. If you do
not
have a Bible, my wife and I—I think she
is
almost caught up. Bless her heart. She
has
been trying really hard to get all
these Bibles out to you
all.
If you do not have a Bible and you just
gave your heart to Jesus Christ, now did
you hear what I said? This is not for
your cousin's cousin's cousin to have a
Bible. Our ministry cannot afford to
support all the salvations that come in
here. If you have never accepted Jesus
Christ and you just did, and you do
not
have a Bible, we want to buy you a Bible
for free. Not for your ministry for you
to give out 100 Bibles to all the people
on the streets. I am not trying to rant. I
am
just trying to tell you that is where
we are right now. Until the Lord
expands
us, we will buy you your Bible. Now, you
have to give your address and where
to send it, and we will send it
to you. We will not solicit you. We do
not
want to bother you. We just want
to tell you welcome to the family and we
love you. A Bible will come.
Amazon banned us from doing it. We
cannot
send it to you from Amazon anymore
because they took away our account from
that because they thought we were dropshipping, and
I did not
understand what
that was, but they did. So Diana said,
"Oh, we got in trouble, so we have to go in a
different direction through another
book company,"but we found a way to do it.
All glory to Jesus, so we will send you
your Bible for free just to love on you.
It will
be a New King James Version or a King
James. We just love you, so
thankful that you are here tonight.
Welcome to the family. All heaven is
rejoicing, and all hell is saying we lost
a good sinner tonight. How many got
saved? Did we have anybody give their
heart to Jesus Christ?
If not, that is all right.
Oh, we had 56. Well, praise the Lord.
All 56 of you that gave your heart to
Jesus Christ, welcome to the family. That
is
exciting, and we will have a lot
more throughout the
week or when they watch this. So, let
us
go
pray.
I know I have kept you late,
but it is not too late.
Father, we just lift up the body before
you. We thank you, Lord, for all
that you have done and all that you
are
going to do.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that
we are
healed and whole by your stripes. The
Bible says that you were
wounded for our transgressions. You were
bruised for our iniquities. The
chastisement of our peace was upon
you, and with your stripes, Lord, we are
healed. We believe. We receive healing
and wholeness and wellness in the name
of Jesus. That by your stripes, Lord, we
are
healed and whole in our bodies.
We receive it in the name of Jesus.
And we take this by faith, knowing that
Jesus took it all. Jesus paid it all.
Jesus took it in his body. He did it all
for us. According to Galatians
3,
Christ has redeemed us from the curse of
the law. Earlier, we were
reading about the blessing, but the
curse is all the way through Deuteronomy
28, and we are redeemed from
the curses of it. So Father, I
thank you, Lord, for the blessing and for
your healing power that flows on the
inside of us richly by faith in
Jesus'mighty
name. Lord, we take the blood and
we make much of the blood, and the blood
makes much of us. We thank you for the
blood. It has never lost its power.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that it reaches
to the highest mountain and it flows to
the lowest valley. The blood of Jesus
Christ, it is over us, and it cleanses us
from all unrighteousness. We thank
you, Lord, for the blood. We make much of
that blood. We
apply the blood over our eyes, Father,
uninterrupted and unhindered
by any satanic or demonic force.
I believe.
I
yield to the anointing of the
prophetic. I yield. I
thank you, Lord. If there is anything you
want to show us of that which is to come,
for Father, you told us in your
Word the Holy Spirit would show us that
which is to come. We
thank you,
Lord.
We have this
treasure in earthen vessels, and the
excellency is the power known of you and
not of us. We apply the blood of
Jesus over us right now in Jesus'name
and
we give you much praise,
Father, in Jesus'mighty name.
Amen.
Now, I
anointed my head with oil.
I want you to fix your
collar.
Oh, thanks.
Thank you all. I appreciate that. We have to look nice for
Jesus. I do not want
to be
a distraction.
Father, we give you praise. Now, I
want you to thank him for everything he
has
done for you today.
You just thank him.
Thank him for the birds,
whatever it may be,
finances, whatever. Okay? I want you to
give him praise and glory like Paul
and Silas. Give him praise in the
midnight hour, for whenever they gave
praise, the walls began to shake, and
they were freed from their
captivity.
Father, we give you praise and glory
for all that you have done and all
that you continue to do. I thank you,
Father, for the blood that covers us.
Father, I thank you for your healings. I
thank you for the manifestations of the
glory tonight. I thank you for my wife
and my children. I thank you, Lord, that
you said in Psalms 91 that a thousand
shall fall at my side and 10,000 at my
right hand, but nothing shall come nigh
me. I thank you, Lord, for my home. I
thank you, Lord, for the roof over my
head. I thank you that my bills are
paid, the electric, my water, my gas, my
car payments. Father, you are so good to
us. Thank you, Lord, for all that you
have
provided. Thank you, Lord,
that we have clothes on our back
and a new shirt. Father, I am so thankful
for my shirt. I am so thankful, Father,
that I have something to wear that
is
nice for the people. Thank you, Lord,
you provided for it. I thank you,
Lord, that you gave a roof over my head,
that Father, I am not out in the cold, and
that you gave us a place so we are not
out in the rain. God, you gave us
a good place. Father, I thank you, Lord,
that we have a bed to sleep in, and
Father, that we have covers to cover
ourselves
up with. Father, we are so
grateful for the fan that blows on us as
we do the broadcast. Father, we are so
grateful for the flowers that
are about to bloom in the spring, and for
the trees that are about to have leaves
and that will have longer days and
shorter nights. Father, I
love the spring. I love the summer.
I love
that
the weather is warming
up, and that the daffodils
are about to bloom and the tulips are
about to come out. Father, we thank you
for the redbud trees that are about to
bloom. God, we are so grateful for the
trees. We are so grateful that the
birds are going to start to migrate back
north. Father, we are so grateful
for all the birds, and that
the baby deer are about to give birth.
The fawns will be on the earth. We
are
so grateful for the fawns. We
so grateful for the spawning bass
that are about to spawn in the
spring. We are so grateful
for all that you have given us in
nature, the squirrels, the chipmunks,
and all the beautiful things you
have
given us, Lord. Father, we are so
grateful for the tires on our car that
get us from point A to point B. We
are
so grateful that we have a
stereo in our car that we can turn up
as loud as we want and listen to praise
and worship music. Father, I am so
grateful that we live in a free
country right now. We are thankful
for President Trump. We
are
grateful for Congress. We
grateful for the
judges, the Supreme Court judges, because
there are
more conservative than there are
liberal judges. Father, I thank you, Lord, in
the name of Jesus, that
you are
turning this nation around. We
are
one
nation under God. Father, I am so
grateful that we have the
freedom of religion, that we can speak
and decree and declare that Jesus Christ
is Lord over America, and that we have a
nation that fears God, and that we
are
turning back to Jesus.
Father, we are so grateful
that
our churches are rising up with a
backbone like a crowbar. We
will preach repentance, true repentance
that turns before we burn. I am so
grateful for every single one
of the pastors that are represented here
tonight. We give you praise, glory,
and honor for all that you are about to
do in the name of Jesus. Amen.
Every time can be different,
but just give him praise.
Just give him glory for what he gave
you.
The Bible says God inhabits the praises
of his people.
Be
thankful with little,
be
faithful with little, and be thankful
with what you do have. If you want God
to show up and show off in your life,
give him 10 minutes, five
minutes of praise. I cut it a
little bit shorter tonight because I was
a little long-winded.
Be quick to give him praise and
thanksgiving. Don't murmur and complain
in your heart for what you have. Oh God, you
are
so good to me.
Oh God, I thank you that you are moving
heaven and earth. You are doing it all.
You died for me,
and
I give you praise, Father, that I
am
healthy in my body.
Thank you, Father, for the
platform.
Thank you, Lord, that you gave me a
platform so I could come on here and
tell all these people how good you
have
been to me.
Thank you, Lord.
Now, Lord, we give you praise, and we
praise you for the revival that
is
about to happen. We praise you
for the revival that is about to
come. We are so grateful for all
that you have done and all that you
told us you would do. Lord, you have been
so good to us. The former and the
latter rain, and
we are
not talking about the weather.
The Holy Ghost rain is falling down on
me.
I feel the rain. I hear the rain.
I feel it falling down on me.
The former and the latter rain,
and
I
am
not talking about the weather.
The Holy Ghost rain
is falling down on me.
I feel
the rain. I feel it falling down on me.
Do you remember when I
told you the oil is going to start
coming all over you? Oh Father, we hear
the rain. We hear the
sound of an abundance of
rain.
I was listening. The Lord told me
how many times today listening to Jimmy Swaggart,
it is
beginning to rain
on your sons and your daughters.
I do not know all the words as much
because he sings a lot of different
verses. He says, Whoever
will come drink from my waters, he
has
promised to pour his spirit out on
your sons and your daughters.
If you are thirsty and dry, look up to
the sky. It is beginning to rain.
The turtle doves are singing sweet songs
of glory.
There are some silver cups to
the sky. The clouds up above are
beginning to gather.
Yes, it is. The barren land is thirsty
and so am I. It
is
beginning to rain
on your sons and your daughters.
I love that old song. I played it like
four or five times today and I could
feel the glory come down. He said,
Brandon, sing it. It is time. It
is
beginning to rain. And Father, I thank
you for the revival that has taken
place. It is beginning to rain.
Hear the voice of my Father. That is what
it is. He is saying, Whoever
will come drink from my waters.
He promised to pour his spirit out on
your sons and your daughters.
If you are thirsty and dry, look up to
the sky. It is beginning to rain.
The turtle doves are singing sweet songs
of morning.
The leaves on the trees turn their
silver cups to the sky.
The silent clouds above are
beginning to gather.
The barren
land is thirsty and so am I. It
is
beginning to rain.
Hear the voice of my Father. He
is
saying, Whosoever
will come drink from my water. He
has
promised to pour his spirit out on
your sons and your daughters. If you
are
thirsty and dry, look up to the sky. It
is
beginning to rain.
At the first drop of rain,
the first drop of rain that
you start to hear, throw open the
windows. Go call all your
children
together and throw wide the door. When
the rain of the spirit starts to
fall, fill every vessel.
He who drinks from the spirit will
thirst no more. It
is
beginning to rain.
Hear the voice of my Father. He
is
saying, Whosoever
will come drink from my water. He
has
promised to pour his spirit out on your
sons and your daughters. If you
are
thirsty and dry, look up to the sky. It
is
beginning to rain.
I love that.
Oh Father, we
are
so excited.
We know that there is something major
about to happen. We can feel it.
I have such an anticipation for the
greatest outpouring of your spirit.
I have such an anticipation tonight,
Father, to call forth the glory again.
Visit our churches, Father, in a great,
mighty wind.
Pour out your spirit upon us, Lord, like
a mighty rushing wind.
Holy Ghost and fire. Lord,
let there be new wine in our wine skin.
Lord,
where people have become so weary and
well-doing
in these last days, stir in
them, oh God.
If they are thirsty and dry,
look up to the sky. It is beginning to
rain. It
is
beginning to rain. It is beginning
to rain. We call forth the mighty
harvest of the rain. In the former and
the latter rain and the greatest
outpouring we have ever seen before in the
name of Jesus from shore to shore,
from Canada all the way to the Gulf.
All over Europe, all over Asia, all over
Africa, all over South America, we call
forth a mighty revival in the name of
Jesus.
Father, we know you want it more than
we do. We
are
so grateful. We are so thankful.
Father, you have called us to the kingdom
for such a time as this.
We know our
redemption draws nigh, but the
harvest is plentiful and the laborers are
few. Help us, Father. Father, I thank
you, Lord, that the anointing of the
Holy Ghost is rising on us in a way that
it will
be just like
when our shadows pass by. The
people are healed in Walmart. The people
are healed in the grocery store. The
people are healed in Kroger. Father, I
thank you, Lord, that the glory of the
Lord be seen on our faces like it was
on
Moses. People say, You have to cover
up because the glory of the Lord is
shining on you so bright. I have to
have sunglasses.
Father, if you did it once, do it again,
Lord.
Every cell in our body, everything
in us, everything that has
breath, we praise the Lord. We
do not
let the devil run rampant in our
households. We take our authority.
We say, Thus far and no further, Satan,
you will not touch our president. You'll
not touch the vice president. You'll not
touch his cabinet. We say he'll take no
counsel from the ungodly. That the
footsteps of the righteous are ordered
of the Lord. And we say in the name of
Jesus Christ of Nazareth, our nation is
one nation under God. We pray a hedge of
blood around and about him in the name
of Jesus. And though a thousand should
fall at his side and 10,000 at his right
hand, nothing shall come nigh him.
Lord,
we put angels all around him right now,
all around the Oval Office, all around
the Congress, all around our judges.
And we thank you, Lord, that any
foul thinking, stinking devil that's
trying to influence their thoughts, we
command you to cease and desist in your
maneuvering in the name of Jesus. Stop
it.
We have revival in our White House. We
have revival in our Congress. We have
it. And we'll have the biggest, the
largest red wave in the name of Jesus.
That the righteous would rise up and go
with a backbone like a crowbar and vote
righteous. And that the preachers would
preach righteousness and truth in their
pulpits. And they would stop being a
lukewarm seeker-friendly gospel.
Stop feeding the people porridge. They
were made to eat meat.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that judgment
begins in the house of the Lord first.
And you told me first Corinthians 5:5
would come to full fruition in this
year 2026. And that, Father, there
would be people that would be in pulpits
that would fall over right there, that
you would raise up men and women with a
backbone and proclaim this last move of
God. The new Davids, the new Elijahs, the
new ones that Father don't have a
platform yet, but Father, they might be
the janitors. They might be the
children's church workers or they might
be the parking lot attendant. But
Father, I know that you've called us to
the kingdom for such a time as this. And
Father, you're raising up men and women
that have just the boldness like a David
that would go and say, "Who is this
uncircumcised Philistine that you defy
the armies of the living God?"We'll take
the head of the giant of this land and
we take it all for the glory of God. We
will not bow down and we will not burn.
We'll be like the ones if
they throw us in the fiery furnace. We
will raise up and we will say there's a
fourth man among them. We will be the
children of the most high God that will
not bow down to social pressure. We will
say we are the children of the most high
God and we have a fire in our bellies
and we'll proclaim that Jesus Christ is
coming.
It's time to rise up church.
It's time to rise up.
No more compromise. That
which
you compromise you will
lose. Look at New York.
We will not be a nation that is Muslim.
We are a nation that loves Jesus Christ.
Jesus.
Jesus. Oh, what a beautiful name it is.
The name of Jesus.
What a beautiful name it is. What
a beautiful
name it
is.
The name of Jesus Christ our King.
What a beautiful name it is. Nothing can
stand to compare to this. I believe
it's
what a beautiful name it is. The name of
Jesus.
I believe it.
You have no rival. You have no equal.
Oh, Father,
I thank you, Lord, for moving in the
churches and the pastors repent for the
compromise they've led in their
churches.
You rise up new ones, Father, all
throughout Australia, all throughout New
Zealand, all throughout Ireland,
Father, that it would just be the ones
that say, "Yes, here am I, Lord. Send
me. Here am I, Lord. Send
me."Oh
God, I thank you Lord that you're
pouring out your spirit on your sons
and your daughters in a mighty rushing
wind
all throughout Tennessee, all throughout
Kentucky, all throughout North Carolina,
South Carolina, all throughout Florida,
all throughout Alabama, all throughout
Mississippi, all throughout Georgia,
all throughout Ohio and all Kansas and
so
many. You could go on and on. All the
states, but Father, we believe them all.
Arkansas and Missouri and Louisiana and
Texas and Oklahoma,
Colorado. Father, I thank you, Lord.
California. Father, I thank
you, Lord, that California and Oregon
and Seattle,
Washington.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're
not done.
Shake them, Father, and awake them.
Shake them, Lord. Awaken them.
Shake them, Lord.
Wake them up out of their sleep.
Wake them up out of their sleep. Lord,
let them know that there's one last
call, one last call, one last push, one
last time, and that this dispensation of
grace is coming to an end, and judgment
is about to begin.
I thank you, Father. Father, I thank
you, Lord.
Oh, Father, we thank you
for
no
rest.
Okay, I'll tell you what I'm seeing. And
this is concerning the Supreme Court
justice decisions concerning the
tariffs. Now, we're going to pray into
that for just a minute here. This is a
major, major thing
concerning the economy of America,
concerning all the decisions and how the
course of this nation will go for the
rest of Trump's term.
So, we're going to pray into that.
And it's Amy Coney Barrett is the one
that we got to sway. This is the one
that's the problem right here. I see
Amy. Amy's face is before me very strong
here in this vision. And we're praying
for Amy's heart. You understand? She
is
a
judge.
It's not about manipulating and moving
just with the party. It's about going
with the law of the land. What does the
land say? Does the president have
an
ability to put in tariffs? Does he have
the ability to do this stuff? Don't go
just because you don't like a man.
Don't sway against it just because you
don't like him.
I see a great big alligator
with a lot of teeth. I see a great big
alligator swimming on the top of, you
know how they go right up on the
water edge and you can see them on the
water edge swimming and their heads just
barely on the top of the surface. This
is what I see concerning this. I see
an
alligator.
And it's dark black with
a
purple outline.
This is a dark black
alligator with black onyx eyes and
it has a purple outline. It
looks like an energy on this alligator.
Now I see Carney and it's
influencing these decisions from Canada
concerning political
agenda coming from Canada and
Carney
concerning the democratic party.
It's more about Canada and the economy
going into a great recession into
depression concerning these
decisions. And this is a pressure
concerning
funding.
And it goes into England. And I see the
prime minister, the man, the president,
like that man over there. He has the
man that's over England, not the king,
but the other one.
I don't know his name.
I see his face. So,
and it's about Carney. This is about
this man.
And this is about what they put
on with the EU. This is about the
tariffs
concerning the EU and the
influence it will have on the Euro.
And even with China
and
Japan,
it's
Carney.
But more about Canada than any other
nation.
Okay. I see banks.
I see the banks.
Big banks. BlackRock. I see
BlackRock.
Okay, this has to do with
BlackRock
influencing the judges.
It's the same ones that are coming
against the
crypto.
And I see a thin layer of water
that's coming over a table.
A table. It's a board table. And out of
this board table, there's this thin
layer of water.
No, no, no.
This is the difference between going
over Niagara Falls and sustaining.
This is
the difference between going over
Niagara Falls and sustaining.
For there is a great storm in the midst
of it. Look like a tornado.
Small and it started out looking just
like a whirlwind and it's growing and
it's growing and it's trying to become
bigger like a category hurricane. What do
you mean? Oh, and it's on the waterfall
edge. That's why we take authority over
this demonic assignment to take America
over the waterfall. We will not have it.
We speak to that tornado right now. It's
just like a little dust devil. It's like
one of the little dust storms. He is
barely turning.
Listen to me.
In his flesh, he
needs strength in his bones. Pray
over his
inward strength to
finish the weight of the
demonic and what
is coming against him. It
wearies you because he is coming against
the antichrist agenda and
system. You must pray for a
strengthening in his
organs,
as
the pressure of this demonic force is
trying to take him, even causing
organ
failure or pressure on the heart.
Whenever Jesus had so much pressure
on him that he was sweating drops of
blood, this is different, but it
is
pressure on the flesh.
When you are
the roadblock
to
the agenda 2030 and
the demonic
agenda,
he said, they are not after me, they
are
after you. I am just standing in
the way. He means it
is
by the grace of the hand of God
that he can win.
We must pray
that he will be strengthened. It
is
almost like you
have
200lb weights in your shoes and you
are
trying to lift up each one,
pulling against extreme
gravity. That
is
the way I see it as
he moves
through this,
pulling his feet just trying to get to
where he is supposed to get. But if the
church would uplift his feet and
say, many hands make light work,
Mr. President, we are going to pick up
your feet and carry you there. We
are
going to pick you up and put you
on our shoulders. There is a bunch of us
here. We can carry him across that finish
line. You will do it through prayer. We
are
going to
lift your shoes up for you and
pull you across that line.
The devil has a plan, but God has a
greater one.
Do you understand? I
hold the church
accountable for not praying
for the man. I
am
talking about
the church.
You must pray for him more. He has to
finish what God has in store for him.
I told you, you would be like Mr.
Magoo.
When you are
going through and you have so much, you do
not
understand what he feels on a
day-to-day basis. And I am feeling it by
the spirit of God.
The Lord showed me a glimpse
of the pressure of making the decision.
Do I strike Iran today?
Do I liberate those people today? What
is
the outcome? It is a chess move. Cuba is
the major focus, folks. They
are
the enemy in the backyard. That
is
why
you must come
for
finesse.
And we pray over his marriage.
Divine alliances. Father,
do not trust everyone that comes to you. Do
not trust the Ayatollah. He is
operating in a lie;
he is
a liar.
He
is
operating under another demonic
tongue.
Forked
tongue. He is a liar.
We must
pray over the
battleships.
We must pray over
our men and women
on those boats,
specifically
our battle aircraft carriers. I saw
drones coming in and dropping things on
them, bombarding the defense
systems.
It was bombardment.
People say, well, they have
anti-aircraft.
It was the same thing as when
Israel was trying to do with the
Iron
Dome.
The Iron Dome
and all of
that
bombardment was going on. That
is
what I
am
seeing in the spirit realm. We pray
over our men and women of service that
they are protected and
out of harm's way.
Not just the aircraft carriers, but the
little ships around them and the
torpedo-like
things coming out of
the water.
We pray right now over Abraham Lincoln.
We pray over George Bush. We pray
over every single battleship and every man
and woman
of service that is
serving our country. We put a hedge of
blood around every one of them
in the name of Jesus. That a
thousand shall fall at their side and
10,000 at their right hand, but nothing
shall come nigh them.
It lines up with what the Lord has
already warned us about.
He said, pray over the flight
decks.
I saw a massive
explosion on the flight decks going
after the planes, and I saw
fires in the middle of it
and
hundreds of men
laying in the water.
We will not have that.
We are
the church and we will stop this in the
name of Jesus.
Father, I thank you for protecting our
president. Father,
we
thank you
for a greater discernment on who
he trusts in his inner circle. That he
would trust only the people
you
say to trust and take no
counsel from the ungodly. We pray over
his sons, over Eric, over Don, over
Ivanka, over Tiffany, over Baron,
over Kai, over all his grandchildren. I
pray a hedge around them.
Father, I thank you that no weapon
formed against them will prosper. Every
terror plot, every terror
group in this nation, any Red Dawn
experience,
any
Pearl Harbor experience, I thank you,
Lord. We call them uncovered and brought
to justice in the name of Jesus.
Every single one of them, whatever they
are
plotting
in this underground
communication,
we call them exposed and brought to
justice by Homeland Security, the NSA,
the FBI, Sheriff's Departments, and local law
enforcement. We say in the name of
Jesus, they are brought to
justice and they make a stupid decision
because there is confusion in
their camp. We call for confusion in their
camp.
For there are more with us than there
are with them.
Every plot against our churches
during Easter. I see this right now.
I see plots
against our Easter services.
Ramadan started today
and it goes for 31 days into
this time frame into March.
Easter is just a couple of days later.
Palm Sunday
is in April.
The first weekend in April.
So
we pray over our churches. We pray over
our places of worship. Every church
will
have beautiful
services, Father, to celebrate your
resurrection Sunday.
So
we pray
and even over Rome.
There is a lot here. It
is
like which
path do you want me to go down?
Each one leads to
something, from the Supreme Court justice
decisions
to him talking to the State of the Union
next week,
to
his speech,
praying over the closing
ceremony, praying over Easter. And
it keeps going with the
decisions he is making concerning Iran
and it forks out like this. It looks
like a fan and there are so many different
paths concerning the economy. That
is
why in the natural my flesh looks
and
I go, Lord, there is a
whole bunch of paths.
It is
like coming up to the
edge and it fanned out.
That is
why I was like, wow, which way do I
go right now? That is why I said I
am
not in a hurry, but I present
these things to you because there are a
lot of you that know how to pray.
The closing sermon will
have
messages with this
going into Tuesday
with him talking
about
Supreme Court judges, all these major
decisions, and the alligator; all that.
Father, I just pray in the spirit over
that. I know you do not cause
confusion
and you are just showing all this because
the people need to know. I
am
not confused, Lord. I
just like, wow, Lord, there is so much
here. I
am
so grateful that you would trust us
to pray for all these things
for
everybody who wants to take part
in
the assignment.
Which one do you want to run? Which one
do you feel led by the spirit of God to
pray over? I feel I am going to pray over his speech for a second and
over Sunday night. We
pray over
his speech
every day.
Father, that he
would touch his heart and he would be
led by you. Father, I thank you, Lord. That
is
a long time between now and
midterm, but Lord, that people would be
able to have some hope. It
is
a good one, that he would be
led by your spirit on what he says
concerning our nation. It
is
not about pride
and arrogance concerning accomplishments,
but giving God praise for where He
has
brought us out of
because it is by the hand of the Lord.
Not by our own doing but by the hand of
the Lord. We always humble ourselves before
you and we deflect the glory to what you
have
done. That is what we pray. It
is
about giving God glory.
What did God do over this last year?
Not what you did. You had nothing to do
with it. God just used you and you were
yielded. Oh, Father, you are so good to
us.
And Father, you are working on the hearts
of the Supreme Court.
And Father, our nation will be
okay. I believe it. And we will thrive
in Jesus'name with a great move of the
finances in
Jesus'name.
I thank you, Lord. This is just the
beginning.
I thank you Father that things are just
the beginning.
I
am
walking up to each door.
I see each road. Do you see I
am
touching each one? That
is
what I am doing. I push it to
see which one He wants me to go down. Is
it
the Supreme Court? And I feel,
where do you want me to finish with
this? Because I do not just go
down a road because it is what the flesh
thinks it wants.
You go to the door and the spirit when you
are
praying in the Holy Ghost, and
you push on it and the Holy
Spirit will pull you in, and you can
feel it. I test the
road. I see all these rows and you can
go down each one. Each one of them you
can finish strong on,
you understand? Each one could be
leading you to go down in prayer because
each one is very important. But what
is
the heart of the Father for today?
I say there is a way that seems right
unto a man.
Not just what I want, but what is your
will for the nation? Father,
what is your will?
Father, I thank you, Lord. What
is
that one, Braden?
Do you have the scripture for that?
I am
just curious what that says right
now because it came up out of my spirit.
I
do
not
know why.
Read it to me. It is way too small.
There
is
a way that appears right unto
man,
but in the end it leads to death.
Yes, that
is it.
Proverbs. There is a way that
appears to be right, but in the end
it leads to death.
Proverbs. There
is
a way that seems right unto a
man,
but its end is the way of death.
Just because it seems right does not mean it
is
the way of the Lord
concerning all these things.
Some of you can spin your wheels on it,
and I want to say the end ceremony, other
than the protection of the people, it does
not
matter. They can state what they
want to say all they want to. Just like
the beginning ceremony, it
does not
change anything. It
just shows they are corrupt and
who they really are.
Father, we thank you.
Give me 10 more minutes and we
will
be done. 10 more minutes and we
pray. I am going on too
long tonight. Lord said the people are
becoming weary. It is good. If
you need to go to bed, go to bed. I am just
going to get 10 more minutes here.
Okay. And then y'all who have to go, just
go.
David
Rodgers
stone.
We call for
the
uncovering of this
lady. She got kidnapped.
Oh, Guthrie.
We call Nancy Guthrie found. We call her
brought home in Jesus'name. We call
this captor to let her go in the name of
Jesus. Father, that you would
visit him, and Father,
that you would visit her, that she would
get radically born again if she is not.
We call her saved. We call her born
again. And we call this captor that
is
holding her hostage to let her go
in
Jesus'name.
Let her go.
Let her go
in the name of Jesus.
Let her go.
We call her home. We call her free.
I
am
not going to speak that out of my
mouth, but I want clarity on what I
am
seeing. And
show us, Lord, where she is. Show us
where she is.
Show us where she is right now
underneath that anointing.
Show us where that woman is. Show us,
Lord.
Oh Father,
you care about all of us.
I call it done. I call it done. Now I
see a train.
I see a train.
The train,
something to do with the train. I see,
and what is interesting is it is not a
modern-day train. This is an old train
like what you would see on
those old locomotives like
Thomas the Tank Engine
story.
Thank you, Lord.
Some things you just cannot say out loud,
especially on a live stream.
We thank you, Lord, that people are
brought to justice and they uncover
it and she is safe and she is home.
And Father, that she lives out her days
with Jesus, that she would accept Jesus
Christ. And Father, I thank you Lord
for every person who spent their night
praying with us.
Lord, we pray over our president and his
protection and the decisions he makes in
the next
48 hours.
Praying over his decisions
in the name of Jesus that he takes no
counsel from the ungodly.
Even Israel acting alone.
Standing strong
against anti-semitism in the days ahead.
I thank you, Father, for liberating the
people of Iran from the
Ayatollah.
That they are liberated and a great
revival takes place in Iran.
A major revival takes place in the
underground church of Iran.
Pakistan,
Afghanistan,
Iraq, Kuwait;
a major revival takes place. Saudi
Arabia,
Father, we thank you.
You shake the temples.
You shake the monkey temples. You shake
them with great earthquakes.
And what has been there for thousands of
years will be shaken in a day.
For it will be a sign of the time and
the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
False gods are coming down.
Oh Father, we give you praise and glory
for tonight.
Everybody say amen and amen.
I could go on with this for a long time,
but I know there are a lot of you that are
tired now. I am so thankful for
every single one of you. I never want
you to be weary and well-doing with me.
I always wanted to be a blessing to you
to want to pray with us, but at the same
time, I am led by the Holy Ghost. I
fear God, not you. But I feel in my
spirit that anointing lifting. So I go,
okay, what do you want me to do? So I
felt like
it's time to quit.
We just reverence him. Isn't he
wonderful?
People come and they go, but my
goodness, Jesus is always there.
He's such a friend
and he cares about all our needs.
What a friend we have in Jesus.
What a friend.
Thank you, Father.
Father, we thank you.
You see
the river
never stops flowing.
You can get in an endless river and just
go down it and go tubing down that river
until the cows come home. You know,
just keep going down the river and
then you can transfer over to another
river.
But the spirit realm is always active
and it's always moving.
Prayer is always going. You have to
unhook yourself
because I could flow in that. But you
have to say, "I'm unhooking for right
now."But
it's like a clock. And as
the clock turns and it comes up to your
time again, you jump back in it and you
jump in the river and you just go
until your flesh gets tired,
whatever. And then you jump out and you
unhook yourself and then you wait until
you feel that inward pull. The Holy
Spirit will always pull with you.
Especially if you're called to pray and
you can pray and you feel it and
you'll jump in and out of that river.
You just got to unhook. You going
to
unhook. And when it's a prayer like this
and I've seen so much tonight, you just
unhook.
But it's hard for me because I like to
flow. I'm curious of
what I'm going to see next and what
God's going to show me.
That's why I said you can
without people being religious and
going, "Well, I pray for
hours."When
you get in a real good vein, you can
sit in there for four or
five hours all night long and just pray
over in it and get up and just flow in
the Holy Spirit. When prayer is dry,
it's boring. That is when you go,
"Ah."You're
always looking at your watch.
I notice I never look at my watch one
time other than I look at my phone to
see if I can find scripture or if
there's somebody texting me if I need
to, my wife calling, talking to me,
you know, it's just flowing.
Isn't Jesus wonderful? Prayer is fun if
you do it
right.
Learn to flow with him.
Do you get anything out of these things?
Does it bless you? I pray it does.
Somebody's getting something out of
6,100 of you. I pray that somebody gets
something, gets refreshed, gets in the
river, and then you jump right back
in there and you go at it.
But we're so grateful every single one
of you are here. But I'll end it there.
It's good. And we can pray again. I'll
try to come back tomorrow. I've been
doing every other day to let the people
watch the video because there's so many
of you that it takes you a long time to
get through two and a half hours, but I
don't want you to miss nothing.
And I told Braden, I said, "It seems
like such a waste to keep jumping in and
doing video and then know
that
nobody watches it. And then you
get the ones and they get to being
stragglers and if you give them more
days they'll watch it all and they're
getting what the Lord's wanting for them
to pray through their own prayer life.
You know,
I want so badly
for you to find him in a more intimate
relationship with him so that
you go from glory to glory every single
day and you find him and he's your
friend,
he becomes a friend.
That's what has always been about for me
is being a friend to Jesus
that he has somebody to talk to.
So, we love you all. We pray it blessed
you. And I don't mean to be critical
towards people. I want you to always
know that. My heart is to love on folks,
but sometimes people provoke me a
little bit. But God bless everybody.
Love you. We will see you again soon.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a
song in your heart. Jesus loves you so
much and we love you. God bless you and
we'll see you again. Bye bye.